oh the old chaps look at this Webber I'm
not sure what happened but summers just
turn up today is 17 degrees and
absolutely wonderful this is the Easter
weekend was lovely with her door see
traffic seems like if you want to Europe
ends a big door sit on a nice but
weekend
what is sunny you come up you just can't
boo you for caravans which doesn't
really affect us too much but if you've
got a driver of it must be a huge
nightmare because sometimes I'll get
caught in it going I think he knows I
didn't fake the sped ride which I'm
really good about but it's absolutely
sods law isn't it the weekend before the
sled ride was very nice weather and the
weekend after it this weekend is also
amazing particularly Monday today is
absolutely good all is warm
and I feel like a kid in a candy shop
Wow starting to boil in my suit since I
got only about 20 miles an hour so fill
in the air coming through I've got a
jumper on tomatoes and a bothers of the
Hat
it's not help Samantha share yesterday
without anybody noticing
oh good my mom's birthday so I went out
to surprise her and a male of the
family's very nice Hobson 20 miles each
way
that's all I go back I was crippled
well my back was killing me but these
ain't gonna loan the show not great so I
think we really need a physically bigger
bike from this one it's just a bit too
cramped for those sorts of journeys
being a traditional attorney Olivia Lee
that's okay be very nice to the fair boy
those slightly bigger and at least a six
on earth will be really honest who up
all the cars noise got a horse crossing
the road
I'm a new gentleman a couple of days ago
and he's just getting started in the
house of logging
hey that word before litter throw a
stone and break ease with those I could
do it from my driveway
his name is Dorsett motovlogs so keep an
eye on him I will put a link to his
channel in the description so good check
him out as I say this he hasn't actually
please first video up here we've
recorded it I think his first video was
our ride I didn't actually record it I
just wanted to go for a little blast
about let my hair down closed the
Titanic at that space also got all the
belt oh yeah yes always supposed to be
the object but he's gonna get up soon I
think it's our ride nice jump Messi of
course something else easier cause I am
a Miami fussy little bastard
and I don't like my plane speed show all
my face about time I'm actually cooking
for myself going all droopy
like all floppy at Milty it's good now
actually
it's jolly nice it's brought the tie put
are gonna go around a corner I find a
bus looking at me they got ever been
down this road before
thank you very much I think that's
taking me back straight back onto the
road I was already on
I think of earthy boots
you can see that 1932 see anything
whatsoever
if you're on Facebook you've already
seen over there city roars so that
completes my new kick I'm quite happy
with that could you help I suggested
that she gave me a very stern look
indeed ah now that what I think of it
because I already forgot it was in the
last video with the stickers I
completely admitted the the fact that I
wanted to run our little competition
with that like an idiot
if you bought a sticker firstly thank
you very much if you bought a sticker
it's thicker a little picture of what
you did with it or a little video clip
but very sure and the most amusing
usage of the sticker will win a prize
and that's going to be decided by myself
and mrs. German if it makes us laugh and
he'll probably be a winner you can send
me a picture or video link or otherwise
to my facebook page which is in the
description or if you don't use Facebook
maybe I guess you could save you a
message with a link to your picture or
video just just stop YouTube it'll
probably go into a spam thing but I'll
check it and make sure that I've got
those let's say the cutoff date for this
is gonna be the first of my I would like
to use your pictures or videos in a
video to show what people did with them
I'll compile them all together so that's
why if it's a clip has to be very sure
make sure you put your youtube name and
maybe a link to your channel as well in
your message so that I can put your name
to the pictures or video as I'm showing
it so therefore no nudity please because
I'm cooking able to put that in a video
even if it is a music